[Music]
What's up with me kids, I hope you
're enjoying the weekend once
again welcome to this channel where you're
going to find out about all the
viral things that happen on the internet
this time I'm here to talk to you about the
humiliation that they did to the aura
scanner and that they laughed at it on the
anthill they did a special program
the other day in which it's supposed and I say it's
supposed to face you'll see that they were going to
confront the hater face to face with the
celebrity they were insulting and
yes it's true that they brought some of those who
were insulting us they put serious things to us
and when it came to putting
the famous person face to face with the person to whom
their hatred was directed, well they went all out
as we say here they didn't
hold back they didn't have the same
nerve to stand up to the things
that the internet puts and when the
famous person tried to ask him for explanations of why he had
posted that comment of yours or
whatever, well they weren't capable the
truth is what usually happens people see us
behind an avatar  very
brave people put things but if there is
no screen because it is not the same the
thing is that with Laura is flesh the
thing was different and it is that they took
a boy he
had put a joke about well a
joke that she herself has
laughed at many times no and skerrit or I
called it in her grandfather here you have the you and
in question it is not a tweet that says key
biscayne to promote his song no
and he uses this photo of rite of the father of
pool church of world cups not making
reference to the age and it is that you already know
that Laura is flesh is like 22 or 23
years old but how rich it is an outrage
each one can do what they want with
their life normally in that but pre it is
an outrage the mentalities the
tastes well the tastes can be
but the mentality of the goals in
life not the experience and the desire that one
has to do some things life and the
way of carrying it is that they are
completely different times of life from charcas
and in the 50s to starting at 20
well yes that each one goes each one
does what  want to but in the end it's a
joke no what the boy puts is it's
ugly that he uses a photo with your grandfather
to promote the album the truth is this
tweet reached 500 likes as you
are seeing boy here
photo with your grandfather to promote his
album the truth is this tweet went viral they
had 500 likes tell me
and now you're going to see how the
kid reacts or rather 500 online arrived the tweet
he considers it vital he has duplicated or rather
with the program what he has done has been to
duplicate it and you will see the reaction when they
put the kid face to face with
the time of changes is that you will see the one that
is
calling on the fly and ready
[Music]
the one who is of the help and says it to his
face the same I already went to the anthill to
fatherar and I don't care it is that he gives a damn
already from 500 life that he had in a tweet to
almost 3 also that this tweet is going to arrive
because because it is that they are not
doing well either it is a
joke he gives a damn and it is that
Laura herself is laughing at the tri that has
the boy put and what we really
see in the video is like the aura
that is cut off because she is not able
to argue with the boy why he
should not call risto mejide grandfather
that in the end it is not an offensive thing,
see it is a joke of love it is not a
lack of respect nor flat he is
saying it in a derogatory way in that you do not
pay with this boy but the truth is
that he has made me laugh a lot and I wanted to
comment on how familiar you would think
if you have seen this program what did it
seem to you ok well Laura Oscar cards okay
and above all a big hug and we will see each other
in the next video
[Music]